In this video.
We're going to get a quick reminder on how we create a listener.
So you might recall that inside of our common module in the CRC directory and the events folder, we
had created that base listener class.
This was an abstract class.
And so we're going to extend this to build out different classes inside of each of our services that
are going to listen for very specific events.
When we extend this listener, we're going to make sure we provide a event type as the generic type.
And then inside of the child class, we're also going to be required to define a subject.
So this can be a subject we want to listen to on that streaming server, a queue group name, and we'll
get a reminder on what that's about really quickly.
And then finally, the on message function, the on message function is what's going to actually receive
an event.
That's what we're going to implement some amount of business logic.
The first argument is going to be the data inside the event, and the second argument will be a message
and we'll get a reminder on what that message is in a little bit as well.
The other thing I want to remind you about is that when we create an instance of a listener, we have
to provide a Nat's client to it.
When we create an instance of a listener and provide the next client that doesn't actually start this
thing up listening.
Instead, we have to call the Listen method, which we had defined down here.
This is what is going to actually tell the client to start to subscribe or create a subscription and
listen for events on a very particular subject or channel.
Then whenever we receive a message, that is when we were going to actually call the on message function.
So in total, in order to create a listener, we're going to create a new file inside of our different
services.
It's going to extend this base listener class.
We're going to plug in the event type we want to listen for and then define a couple of different properties
inside of it.
And that's pretty much it.
Now, as a reminder, the first listen we're going to put together is going to be listening for the
ticket created event, and we're going to implement that inside of our order service.
So let's take a quick pause right here and then start to implement this first listener in the next video.